(DOCSP-11835): Clarify Partition Key handling on Client-side vs. Server-side (#445)
mongodb/docs-realm: source/get-started/glossary.txt

   relationship
     A relationship is an object property that references another object rather
     than a scalar or embedded object.
     
   null partition

>       A null partition is the default :term:`{+service-short+}` on the client 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      A null partition is the default :term:`{+realm+}` on the client 
```

We actually use the substitution realm for the word realm just in case they change the name in the future :)

Reviewer: service-short gives you capital R realm, which is the service itself. Far too many things are named Realm here!
